pip install graphene-django
    aniso8601-9.0.1
    graphene-3.1.1
    graphene-django-3.0.0
    graphql-core-3.2.3
    graphql-relay-3.2.0
    promise-2.3
    six-1.16.0
    text-unidecode-1.3

pip install django-filter
    django-filter-22.1

pip install python-decouple
    python-decouple-3.6

pip install django-graphql-jwt
    PyJWT-2.5.0
    django-graphql-jwt-0.3.4

pip install graphene-django-optimizer
    graphene-django-optimizer-0.9.1

pip install django-debug-toolbar
    django-debug-toolbar-3.7.0 # Need Django 4 but Django 3.2 > django-debug-toolbar = "^3.2.1"
    tzdata-2022.4

pip install graphene-file-upload
    graphene-file-upload-1.3.0

pip install graphene-django-plus
    graphene-django-plus-4.5
    need:
        pip install graphene-django-optimizer 
        pip install django-guardian
            django-guardian-2.4.0


pip install gunicorn
    gunicorn-20.1.0

pip install django-polymorphic-tree
    django-js-asset-2.0.0
    django-mptt-0.14.0
    django-polymorphic-3.1.0
    django-polymorphic-tree-2.1
    django-tag-parser-3.2

pip install django-spaghetti-and-meatballs
    django-spaghetti-and-meatballs-0.4.2

pip install django-notifications-hq


pip install django-import-export
    defusedxml-0.7.1
    diff-match-patch-20200713
    django-import-export-2.9.0
    et-xmlfile-1.1.0
    markuppy-1.14
    odfpy-1.4.1
    openpyxl-3.0.10
    pyyaml-6.0
    tablib-3.2.1
    xlrd-2.0.1
    xlwt-1.3.0




pip install graphene-gis
    aniso8601-7.0.0             <-  9.0.1
    graphene-2.1.9              <-  3.1.1
    graphene-django-2.15.0      <-  3.0.0
    graphql-core-2.3.2          <-  3.2.3
    graphql-relay-2.0.1         <-  3.2.0
    graphene-gis-0.0.7
    rx-1.6.1
    singledispatch-3.7.0


pip install django-cursor-pagination


pip install graphene-djmoney
    https://www.uplift.ltd/posts/using-django-and-graphql-to-manage-money-and-finances-check-out-graphene-djmoney/
    django-money-1.3.1
    graphene-djmoney-0.1.3
    psycopg2-binary-2.9.3
    py-moneyed-0.8.0
    
    pip install django-money
        https://github.com/django-money/django-money

pip install geoip2
    aiohttp-3.8.3
    aiosignal-1.2.0
    async-timeout-4.0.2
    attrs-22.1.0
    certifi-2022.9.24
    charset-normalizer-2.1.1
    frozenlist-1.3.1
    geoip2-4.6.0
    idna-3.4
    maxminddb-2.2.0
    multidict-6.0.2
    requests-2.28.1
    urllib3-1.26.12
    yarl-1.8.1

pip install graphene-django-extras
    pip install python-dateutil  #  Date directive depends on dateutil module


## Machin Learning
pip install numpy
pip install keras
pip install opencv-python
tensorflow install :
    1- CUDA Toolkit 11.7
    2- cuDNN    https://developer.nvidia.com/rdp/cudnn-archive
        Install cuDNN.
        Download cuDNN v7.6.4 for CUDA 10.1. This will require you to sign up to the NVIDIA Developer Program.
        Unzip to a suitable location and add the bin directory to your PATH.
    3- pip install tensorflow
    4 -pip install tf-nightly-gpu



## Math Helper:
    pip install sympy
        https://docs.sympy.org/latest/index.html
        https://problemsolvingwithpython.com/03-The-Python-REPL/03.01-Python-as-a-Calculator/
        from sympy import symbols
        x, y = symbols('x y')
        expr = 2*x + y

    pip install django-ckeditor
        https://django-ckeditor.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#django-ckeditor

    pip install pylatex
        https://jeltef.github.io/PyLaTeX/current/

## Chemistry Helper:
    https://downloads.ccdc.cam.ac.uk/documentation/API/descriptive_docs/diagram.html#introduction

    pip install chemplot
        https://chemistry-europe.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/cmtd.202200005
    
    pip install chemspipy
        https://chemspipy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/install.html

    pip install pubchempy
        https://pubchempy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/install.html

        LiberTexts:
        https://chem.libretexts.org/Courses/Intercollegiate_Courses/Cheminformatics_OLCC_(2019)/03%3A_Database_Resources_in_Cheminformatics/3.08%3A_Python_Assignment


## BareCode
    pip install python-barcode
        https://python-barcode.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py createsuperuser
python manage.py loaddata ingredients
python manage.py runserver


django-admin startproject Config .
python manage.py startapp GraphQL
python manage.py startapp User   
python manage.py startapp Article
python manage.py startapp Person 
python manage.py startapp Utils 
python manage.py startapp Tool 
python manage.py startapp Facility
python manage.py startapp Payment 
python manage.py startapp Unit   
python manage.py startapp Laboratory
python manage.py startapp Language  
python manage.py startapp Location
python manage.py startapp Doctor   
python manage.py startapp Product
python manage.py startapp Entity 
python manage.py startapp Patient
python manage.py startapp Report 